

# Object Storage US3 Service Level Agreements (SLAs)

The UCloud US3 Service Level Agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the general service level metrics and service considerations for UCloud's provision of UCloud US3 object storage services to customers. This Agreement is in addition to the UCloud User Agreement and the Legal Notices and Privacy Policy for Cloud Services. By choosing to accept this Agreement through your seal, clicking on the web page to confirm or otherwise (e.g., clicking to confirm your agreement to the UCloud User Agreement), you and the Company have reached an agreement and agree to accept all of the agreed contents of this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the sealed text of both parties and the text of the Terms of Service that you click to confirm or otherwise choose to accept on the web page, the sealed text of both parties shall prevail. Please read this Agreement carefully and in its entirety before accepting it. By continuing to use the US3 Services, you accept this Agreement and agree to be bound by it; if you do not agree to this Agreement, you may choose not to use the US3 Services.

## 1. Terms and Definitions

1.1 Service Cycle: Service cycle refers to the natural months included in the service term for which the Service is purchased. If the user opens the service on February 4, 2021, the service cycle is calculated until February 28, 2021.

1.2 Monthly Service Fee: The service fee for a User's project using the US3 Object Storage Service in a natural month by geography and storage type.

1.3 Valid Request: Referring to: [Introduction to Object Storage API](https://docs.ucloud.cn/api/ufile-api/README), data type API requests received by the Object Storage Service are considered valid requests.

1.4 Failed requests: Requests with HTTP status code 5XX and requests where normal user requests cannot reach the US3 server due to US3 service failure.

1.5 The following request types are excluded from the statistical process of both valid and failed requests.

1.5.1 Failed requests generated by obtaining Bucket lists, list queries.

1.5.2 Requests that mirror back to the source timeout.

1.5.3 Callback timeout requests.

1.5.4 Requests initiated by malicious attacks on the client's object storage domain.

1.5.5 Lifecycle and cross-region replication of back-end asynchronous processing of failed requests.

1.5.6 False requests using inappropriate access patterns resulting in requests being restricted by US3 (HTTP status code 503).

1.5.7 Failed requests due to client network problems or unstable physical network links on the public network making the request unreachable.

1.5.8 requests that fail authentication and authentication failure or requests in the state of unpaid out-of-service.

1.5.9 Erroneous requests or service unavailability conditions caused by reasonable upgrades, changes, or downtime initiated by US3 services with advance notice.

1.6 Error Rate per 5 minutes: The Error Rate per 5 minutes is the number of failed requests returned by the US3 service as a percentage of the number of user requests within those 5 minutes. Error Rate per 5 minutes = (Failed requests per 5 minutes / Valid requests per 5 minutes) × 100%

1.7 Monthly service fee: The actual monthly service fee is counted according to the geographic area and storage type of US3 under a certain project of a user in a natural month. If there is a resource package credit in the customer's bill for that month, the credit will be added to the monthly service fee according to the unit price of the purchased resource package and the resource usage. For example, if a customer uses a resource pack to offset 150GB of storage capacity in the bill, the monthly service fee will be added to the monthly service fee = 150GB × the unit price per GB at the time of purchasing the resource pack.

## 2. Service Availability

2.1 We promise you 99.95% service availability for standard storage types and 99.9% service availability for low frequency and archival storage types for US3 Object Storage. If the service availability does not meet the promise, it will be paid in accordance with the service compensation standard.

2.2 Service availability calculation.

US3 service availability is calculated according to the service cycle, and service availability is calculated according to the geographic area and storage type (standard storage, low frequency storage and archival storage) of US3 under a certain project of the customer respectively. If there are multiple Buckets of the same geographic area under a customer's project, the service availability will be combined.
Service availability will be calculated by dividing the sum of the error rate per 5 minutes in the service cycle by the total number of 5 minutes in the service cycle to calculate the average of the error rate per 5 minutes, as follows.
Service availability = (1 - (sum of 5-minute error rates in the service cycle / total number of 5-minute periods in the service cycle)) × 100%
(Note: Total number of 5-minute periods in the service cycle = 12 × 24 × number of days in the service cycle)

## 3. Service Compensation Standards
3.1 Compensation is only available to customers who have used US3 services and paid for them normally (free services are not covered); compensation is limited to vouchers used to pay for US3 services.

3.2 The amount of compensation is calculated separately for each month of service for which service availability is not up to standard and does not exceed 50% of the monthly service fees paid for that storage type in that geographic area during that service cycle (excluding crediting fees). The compensation amount is specifically calculated as follows.

| Storage Type | Service Availability | Compensation Voucher Amount |
| --- | ------- | ------- |
| Standard Storage | Less than 99.95% but equal to or more than 99.90% | 10% of monthly service fee |
| ::: | Less than 99.90% but equal to or greater than 98.00% | 30% of the monthly service fee |
| ::: | Less than 98.00% | 50% of monthly service charge |
| Low Frequency Storage | Less than 99.90% but equal to or greater than 99.00% | 10% of the monthly service charge
| ::: | Less than 99.00% but equal to or greater than 98.00% | 30% of monthly service charge |
| ::: | Less than 98.00% | 50% of the monthly service fee | ::: | Less than 98.00% | 50% of the monthly service fee
| Archival Storage | Less than 99.90% but equal to or greater than 99.00% | 10% of monthly service fee | ::: | Less than 99.90% but equal to or greater than 99.00% | 10% of monthly service fee
| ::: | Less than 99.00% but equal to or greater than 98.00% | 30% of monthly service fee |
| ::: | Less than 98.00% | 50% of the monthly service fee |

## 4. Persistence of data storage

4.1 The persistence of US3 object storage data storage is 99.99999999999%.

4.2 Data storage persistence definition: the probability that the data will remain in storage without loss during the contract period. Persistence is 99.99999999999%
means that the user 100000000000 bytes of data per month during the contract period, the probability of not losing data per month during the contract period is 99.99999999999%, that is, the possibility of losing only 1 byte of data per month. Take natural month as the statistical cycle, less than one month is counted as one month.

## 5、Data destructibility

5.1 Before you request to delete data or the device is abandoned or resold, UCloud will completely delete all the user's data through advanced zeroing operation and cannot recover it, and will demagnetize the scrapped hard disk.

5.2 The scenario of complete deletion of user data does not include the situation where UCloud retains the data of users who have not renewed their subscriptions in time for 30 days after obtaining UCloud's consent, in order to prevent the deletion of important data due to users' failure to renew their subscriptions in time for some reasons.

## 6. Data Migrability

6.1 Our company commits that the user can control the migration of data in the object storage to ensure that the data can be moved in and out when the cloud service is enabled or abandoned.

6.2 The company provides the appropriate tools and technical means to maintain maximum compatibility with the user's existing data format when moving in and out. Please refer to the help notes for specific import and export operation steps.

## 7. Data privacy

7.1 UCloud adopts an effective isolation method to ensure that user data of the same resource pool is not visible to each other.

7.2 The object storage is isolated according to the account, and the storage data between different users are not visible to each other and cannot be accessed through the intranet by the technology of network isolation.

7.3 UCloud promises not to view the data in the user's storage, etc. without the user's authorization. However, UCloud has the right to monitor the operational data of user's object storage from outside, including file size, number of reads and writes, etc. For the purpose of operation and troubleshooting, UCloud reserves the right to view the operation records of the User's Object Storage.

7.4 UCloud will not view User's data without User's authorization or request from non-government agencies. Operations and maintenance personnel related operations will be recorded in detail and have logs for query.

## 8. Right to Know Data

8.1 You can see the name of the region where the object storage is located in the product console, and you can choose the region you need. For example: North China a region is located in Beijing.

8.2 The data of the object storage will have three copies in the locale where the standard storage type of the object storage is located, for hot backup.

8.3 All geographies shall comply with local laws and the laws of the People's Republic of China.

8.4 User data cannot be illegally provided to any third party without the consent of the customer, except for the need of regulatory audits by government regulators or in cooperation with security forensic investigations. In order to protect the security of your use of the Service and the need for continuous improvement of the quality of the Service, the Company will record and keep logs of your behavior related to your login and use of the Service, and will not present user personal information data to the public.

## 9. Business reviewability

9.1 According to the national laws and regulations, in order to cooperate with the regulatory review, compliance or forensic investigation of the government regulatory department, the Company may provide information related to your business running on the cloud service, such as the operation log of key components, operation and maintenance personnel's operation records.

## 10、Business functions

10.1 The service functions provided by UCloud US3 to users are the object storage services displayed on the www.ucloud.cn website, and the complete functional introduction and operation instructions are detailed in [US3 product usage documentation](https://docs.ucloud.cn/ufile/README).

10.2 UCloud will promptly notify you by SMS, email or website if the service version or function is changed, so that you can make corresponding adjustment in time.

## 11. Usage Restrictions

11.1 You can learn about the usage restrictions of US3 services through the [US3 Usage Restrictions](https://docs.ucloud.cn/ufile/introduction/limit) page.

## 12. Service measurement accuracy

12.1 UCloud has an accurate metering and billing system, and the billing method is based on daily billing. Object storage is billed in terms of storage volume, download traffic, and CDN back to source traffic. The billing model and standard in effect at the time published on the billing page shall prevail.

## 13、Service change and termination terms

13.1 If you want to stop using the Service, you must inform us at least 30 days in advance, and we will return all the money you have paid but not consumed. For users who do not notify us in advance that they have stopped using the Service and do not renew their subscription in time, the Company will retain their data for 7 days without special agreement.

13.2 The Company undertakes to notify you 30 days in advance on www.ucloud.cn or by sending an in-site notice or a written notice of transfer of business if it ceases to provide certain services. At that time, the Company will refund the amount you have paid but not consumed.

## 14. Terms of Service Compensation

14.1 If there is no other offline agreement, we promise to compensate you according to the service compensation standard in Chapter 3 of these Terms of Use if the availability does not meet the service level commitment. If your use of US3 exceeds the usage limit of Chapter 11, resulting in the availability not meeting the standard, the Company shall not be liable for compensation.

14.2 The Company shall not be liable for damages if the system fails to function properly and you are unable to use each service due to the following conditions, which include but are not limited to.

14.2.1 During the period of system downtime announced by the Company on this website for maintenance.

14.2.2 Failure of telecommunications equipment that prevents data transmission.

14.2.3 when the Company cannot perform its services due to force majeure factors such as typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power outages, wars, terrorist attacks, etc., which cause obstacles to the Company's system.

14.2.4 Service interruption or delay caused by hacker attack, technical adjustment or failure of telecommunication department, website upgrade, problems in banking, etc.

14.3 Time limit for compensation application: If a service does not meet the service availability standard on a monthly basis, you can submit a compensation application after the 5th business day of the month following the end of the corresponding service month that does not meet the standard. UCloud will verify the service availability after you submit the compensation application. If there is a dispute between the two parties regarding the calculation of the monthly service availability, both parties agree that the backend records of UCloud shall ultimately prevail. The compensation application must be submitted within 60 working days after the end of the relevant month in which US3 does not reach availability. UCloud has the right not to accept your compensation application if it exceeds the application time limit.

## 15. User Binding Terms

15.1. You have the right to enjoy the Internet technical and information services provided by UCloud and the right to receive UCloud
You have the right to receive technical support, consultation and other services from UCloud during the period of receiving the services provided by UCloud.

15.2. You warrant that you will not use technical or other means to damage or disrupt the UCloud website and the websites of other UCloud customers.

15.3. You promise to respect the intellectual property and other legal rights of UCloud and other third parties, and to use your best efforts to protect UCloud, its employees, partners and others from violations of such rights.
UCloud reserves the right to terminate the Services to you and not to provide you with any services or services in the event of an infringement.
reserves the right to terminate service to you without refund.

15.4. You shall be solely responsible for all damages resulting from any error in the contact information you provide to UCloud, including, but not limited to, the consequences of your failure to receive timely notification from UCloud and the consequences of your failure to receive the relevant notification from UCloud.
The consequences and losses resulting from your failure to receive timely notification from UCloud.

15.5. You warrant that you will comply with national and local laws and regulations, industry practices and public morals when using the UCloud Services, and that you will not use the UCloud Services to
You will not use the services provided by UCloud to store, publish, or disseminate the following information and content: any content (information) that violates national laws and regulations and policies; political propaganda and/or news information that violates national regulations; information that involves national secrets and news.
 You also promise not to provide any facilities for others to publish the above information content that does not comply with the national regulations and/or the agreement of the Terms of Service, including but not limited to setting URLs, BANNER links, etc. You agree that
UCloud has the right to terminate the service to you and not to refund any money if you violate the above agreement, and you shall compensate for any damage caused to UCloud by your above actions.

## 16、UCloud disclaimer

UCloud shall not be responsible for the unavailability of the service due to the following reasons.

16.1 caused by system maintenance after UCloud has notified the Customer in advance, including cutovers, repairs, upgrades and simulated failure drills.

16.2 caused by any network or equipment failure or configuration adjustment other than UCloud-owned equipment.

16.3 caused by hacking of Customer's applications.

16.4 caused by loss or leakage of data, passwords, passwords, etc. due to improper maintenance or confidentiality by the Customer.

16.5 caused by the Customer's negligence or by operations authorized by the Customer.

16.6 caused by the Customer's failure to follow the UCloud product usage documentation or usage recommendations.

16.7 suspension or termination of services due to Customer's violation of the UCloud User Agreement, including suspension of services for object storage due to non-payment of fees, etc..

16.8 caused by other force majeure factors. Force majeure as well as accidental events are due to normal equipment maintenance of information network, failure of information network connection, failure of computer, communication or other systems, power failure, war, natural disasters, governmental acts and all other objective circumstances of natural and social phenomena that cannot be foreseen, avoided or overcome.
