# 1.6.2

## Fix

- The cp command now correctly replaces local files when downloading, instead of partially overwriting them

## 1.6.1

## Fix

- The url generated by the sign command will now have a default expiration time of 3600s

## 1.6.0

## Added

- Added --no-delete option to sync command to not delete files that do not exist on the source side by default when syncing.

## 1.5.2

## Fix

- Fixed a ui bug when listing

# 1.5.1

## Added

- Added the -f option to the sync command to not pop up a confirmation message when syncing a deletion
- Added error messages for 503 and 500

## 1.5.0

## Modify

- The rcat command can specify storage class, mimetype and metadata
- The cp command does not include folder names as part of the object key prefix when uploading folders if one of the [--include --exclude --rinclude --rexclude] arguments is specified.
- The config command asks if a custom endpoint is needed first in interactive configuration, instead of asking for a region first.

## Add

- The --format option of the ls command has been added, which allows you to choose to output the list in json or yaml format, with case-insensitive arguments. (e.g. us3cli ls us3://bucket --format YAML)

# 1.4.0

## Added

- Support for proprietary cloud 32M slice size

- Added the ability to specify the use of the prefix-file-list interface when listing the following commands with the --prefix-file-list parameter

  * cp

  * du
  * modify
  * mv
  * rm
  * restore
  * sync

# 1.3.0

## modify

- cat command can now be downloaded concurrently
- Fixed a bug with the du command that caused sub accounts to not get bucket statistics
- Now you can upload and download concurrently, but you can't execute two identical cp, sync, or du commands at the same time. (For example, you can't execute two cp . /test us3://bucket/prefix/test)
- The modify command can now bulk modify all objects under the same prefix when the --recursive parameter is specified.
- Optimize the upgrade logic of us3cli, and fix the error of not finding executable files when opening cli again after upgrade failure.
- Repair the problem that wildcard characters fail when copy operation is executed in root directory.
- Repair the problem that proxy configuration cannot be cleared.

## New

- Added four new operations for token: create-token, delete-token, update-token, describe-token, which are corresponding to the addition, deletion and checking of token.
- Added three new areas: jpn-tky, th-bkk, inspurcloud.
- Added a new parameter to the ls command: --prefix-file-list, setting this parameter will call the prefix-file-list interface to pull the list.

## 1.2.2
## Modify

- Fix the upload retry failure problem.
- Repair the problem of negative number in progress bar display
- Repair the problem of downloading error when there is empty directory.

## New

- Add automatic recognition of mimetype of .svg file.

## 1.2.0

## Added

- Added dynamic progress bar display switch, enabled by default
- The du command adds the function of viewing the amount of directory data
- The ls command adds the function of viewing projecdid
- The number of files display information is added to ls display file list
- The cp command adds the function of automatically identifying mimetype.
- sync command adds the function of uploading specified storageclass (storage type), mimetype (multimedia file format) and metadata (metadata)
- sync command adds automatic identification of mimetype
- The configuration item adds content encryption, https and proxy functions

## Modify

- Modify the file activation information under ls, modify the activation time format, add Restoring flag, indicating that the file is being activated
- Modify the remote mode in sync to local mode, the function remains unchanged

## Delete

- Delete the hit second transfer function in cp
